Fix response of hybrid search with collapse same as without collapse (#1787)
opensearch-project/neural-search: CHANGELOG.md

- [HYBRID]: Fix missing results and ranking issue in hybrid query collapse([#1763](https://github.com/opensearch-project/neural-search/pull/1763))
- [HYBRID]: Fix HybridQueryDocIdStream by adding intoArray overridden method from upstream ([#1780](https://github.com/opensearch-project/neural-search/pull/1780))
- [HYBRID]: Block hybrid query nested inside compound queries like function_score, constant_score, and script_score ([#1791](https://github.com/opensearch-project/neural-search/pull/1791))

> - [HYBRID]: Fix response of hybrid search with collapse same as without collapse ([#1787](https://github.com/opensearch-project/neural-search/pull/1787))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [HYBRID]: Replace per-group collection with flat queue in hybrid query collapse to fix score and totalHits inconsistencies ([#1787](https://github.com/opensearch-project/neural-search/pull/1787))
```
